Slack URL
https://shiftnudge.slack.com/archives/C01AE8S4LSU/p1752768543671629

Loom URL
https://www.loom.com/share/caf94888329f430199521ebc3ba6b55f

0:00 What's going on, Amelie? I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly. I'm checking out your structural color, uh, exercise here. And I gotta say, these are great.
0:11 I love these colors. I think you're doing a fantastic job with the primary and the secondary. I can tell that you've paid a lot of attention to the color contrast and I love this, like, hyper neon yellow, the subtle kind of reddish pink and the blue.
0:31 They all look really good. Uh, the only thing that I would recommend, and this is such a, like, I know that these are fake projects and, and it doesn't really matter.
0:43 Um, but might as well say it. Um, when you have, uh, like five lines of text in an, in an alert, sometimes that might feel like a little bit too much.
0:58 So if there's a way that we could reduce this to like three lines, I think you're at a safe maximum, but you definitely wouldn't want to go more than this.
1:06 So, and again, I know this is not even part of the project, but it's worth calling out here just because I can tell this looks really like a lot of texts for an alert.
1:14 Usually an alert would be like, um, setting a general color direction early will help you make additional color decisions more easily, you know, like a condensed version of that text.
1:31 And so I like to think about copywriting and, uh, you know, delivering messages in the UI, just as important as the UI themselves.
1:43 And so I think the length of text in here, if it was cut to three I feel like it would be a little stronger.
1:53 And additionally, I think you could probably go one font weight lower. We're on this body copy. And I think that would actually strengthen the, uh, hierarchy here.
2:10 I think the layout looks good. The colors look good. The font size looks good. The colors, the spacing, the alignment.
2:17 I think all of it feels really strong, but I also think that trimming this to three sentences, if possible, and reducing the font weight here would make it stronger.
2:29 The other last recommendation I would make on this screen, it looks good as you have it. I would try another version that maybe you go, uh, maybe you tuck these buttons into, I'm just gonna grab this one because I think, I'm, I'm naturally drawn to to reddish pink for whatever reason.
2:50 Uh, maybe it's the, uh, the shift nudge logo. So let's just paste this into a new file and I'm just gonna create a new little frame and we'll let's say, label.
3:13 Let's make that and max out our corner radius here. And then I'm going to make one for proceed.
3:34 And let's see, we've got 402, so I'll do the width will be 201 for both of these, just to start off with.
3:57 And then I'll put these in auto layout. I'm going to make sure both of these are fill container. Probably, I didn't even need to, I could have just done fill container and scaled it.
4:07 Uhm, and then we'll do, like, both of these are fill. Oh, Why is my, Okay, there we go.
4:34 So I could even do fill container here.
5:01 And that way, if I did a new, And then put our modal in there. There So if that one is 50...
5:47 The corner radius here.
6:06 All right, let's call it 20 and then that's 28. So our outside will be 28. I don't know that this even actually works as well as what you have.
6:29 Um, but it's still kind of fun to play around with the potentials. Basically at this point though, like I would make a decision of, okay, am I going to go like 16 all the way around?
6:46 I would start to think about what is the most optimal corner radius. I think the way that you have this set up actually looks pretty good.
6:56 I don't know that I'm making it any better whatsoever, but these are some of the types of like explorations that I would do if I were just continuing to work on this as it were like part of a larger UI or something.
7:26 Well, smooth shadow plug in here. And sometimes you can actually even, you know, choose. Choose the same primary color for your shadow and then.
7:49 Let's see, that is sort of hard to, uh, But you can sort of see how like even changing the color of the shadow, which you might've already done.
8:05 This, um, can definitely change the effect of the way the shadow color is even working with all the other colors.
8:18 If you, if you go only black, sometimes it can feel a little less good. Um, so anyway, I'm just messing around here.
8:28 I could have probably stopped this video five minutes ago, but this just kind of gives you an idea of how I might proceed.
8:38 But I actually think the way you have, it looks really good. So I would just go back to what I was saying about the font weight and the length of size of, of that copy.
8:49 And, and that's those two things a lot alone will, will help guide some more decisions in the future. So thank you for posting and looking forward to seeing more.